.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PDNS 8 "November 23, 2004"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pdns_recursor \- The PowerDNS recursor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pdns_recursor
.RI [ options ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page is describes how to use the
.B pdns_recursor
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBpdns_recursor\fP is a program that does name server queries on the
net and retrieves info about other domains.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-\-help
.br
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-aaaa\-additional\-processing\=[yes|no]
.br
Turn on to do AAAA additional processing (slow)
.TP
.B \-\-config\-dir\=...
.br
Location of configuration directory (recursor.conf)
.TP
.B \-\-daemon=[yes|no]
.br
Operate as a daemon
.TP
.B \-\-delegation\-only\=...
.br
Which domains we only accept delegations from
.TP
.B \-\-local\-address\=...
.br
address to listen on
.TP
.B \-\-local\-port\=...
.br
port to listen on
.TP
.B \-\-quiet\=[yes|no]
.br
Suppress logging of questions and answers
.TP
.B \-\-soa\-minimum\-ttl\=...
.br
Minimum Time To Live for a sOARecord. It's not recommended and supported to change this setting.
.TP
.B \-\-soa\-serial\-offset\=...
.br
The offset for the serial in a sOARecord. It's not recommended and supported to change this setting.
.TP
.B \-\-socket\-dir\=...
.br
Where the controlsocket will live
.TP
.B \-\-trace\=...
.br
if we should output heaps of logging
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pdns_server (8)
.br
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Matthijs Mohlmann <matthijs@cacholong.nl>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
